R&B/Hip Hop/Rap|

                        Montana
 That Untouchable Empire baby, Coke Boy
 (Bad Boy) They said be careful what you ask for
 'Cause when you get it,
 You know what you gon' tell 'em right?
 (We're baaa-aack) What you say? I do this err'day,
 Wh-what you say? I do this err'day
 Do this err day, do this err day,
 Do this err day, do this err day
 What you say? I do this err'day,
 Wh-wh-what you say? I do this err'day
 Do this err'day, do this err'day,
 Do this err'day, do this err'day What they talkin 'bout, Puff?
 They ain't talkin 'bout, nothin
 Oh this the moment they feel ya?
 We back on our get down
 You see what it is
 So lay down, Bad Boy, Blood Line
 Get up, talk to 'em I got tats all on my arm,
 Racks on racks in the bank
 Forgiatos on my Range, Pepsi blue my paint
 All these girls be choosy,
 Can't find a bitch who ain't
 Haters they out ballin' like fishes in a tank
 Stuntin' wit my whole crew, ball
 Hangin' out the window when we roll up
 You know when we come through, ball
 Make it rain we don't give a ***
 'Bout what you say, I do this every day
 Don't buy bottles, buy bottle case
 Seem like every night my birthday
 I can't help but get the cake Feel like I was born for ballin' out
 Live it up and just for fallin' out What you say? I do this err'day,
 Wh-what you say? I do this err'day
 Do this err day, do this err day,
 Do this err day, do this err day
 What you say? I do this err'day,
 Wh-wh-what you say? I do this err'day
 Do this err'day, do this err'day (Montana!)
 Do this err'day, do this err'day Tattoos on my neck, half a mill in my car
 Dream team I rap, just me and my dogs
 Straight cash in that haircut
 Sea Bass and that lamp chop
 Met her at the bar
 Tryin' to get some head shots
 62 that Maybach, fake jewels don't play that
 Take off like Blake Griff, money tall like A6
 Never hit that red zone, baby I was airborne
 Hoppin' out that Ghost
 Sippin' red dot with a red bone
 Trunk up in the back, drop the population
 And I'm never fakin' Jacks,
 You know I'm poppin' Aces
 I'mma ball, Illuminati bank rolls
 Suicidal Lan' doors, and two Italian tan hoes What you say? I do this err'day,
 Wh-what you say? I do this err'day
 Do this err day, do this err day,
 Do this err day, do this err day
 What you say? I do this err'day,
 Wh-wh-what you say? I do this err'day
 Do this err'day, do this err'day
 Do this err'day, do this err'day Feel like I was born for ballin' out
 Time is callin' I'm flyin' around and I'm gettin' it
 Like 90thou in my denim
 Told a bitch I just met,
 Write your problems down and I'll end 'em
 I'm creepin' on a billi,
 Got these niggas buyin' large lead
 Bout to take my LA crib
 And drop that bitch on Wall Street
 Peep my watch and hand game,
 Like Peach Ciroc and champagne
 You buyin' jets, I could buy the Jets,
 And I ain't speakin' 'bout no damn planes
 This passion and pain fashion,
 Matchin' my things catchin'
 Action from things mackin',
 Then flashin' my rings captain
 Twin V's, thin tires, envy my entire
 Catalogue, but don't have the heart
 'Cause real kings build empires
 Everything that I said nigga
 Was everything that you saw
 I did everything that I claim,
 You ain't like us 'cause we ball What you say? I do this err'day,
 Wh-what you say? I do this err'day
 Do this err day, do this err day,
 Do this err day, do this err day
 What you say? I do this err'day,
 Wh-wh-what you say? I do this err'day
 Do this err'day, do this err'day
 Do this err'day, do this err'day Feel like I was born for ballin' out
 Time is callin' (You see it) I was born to ball, bitch! (Bad Boy)
 If you ain't heard you live under a mother***in' rock (Coke Boyz)
 Montana
 We was born to fly baby, still do the same thing nigga
 *** sound like I just sold nigga
 Untouchable Empire, Bad Boy, Coke Boy
 Diddy what up? Juheard?
                        
                    |
