Nhạc Nhật|

                        Bài hát : Burst The Gravity (Accel World) - Altima

hateshinai sora wo yuku mienai tsubasa ga michibiku
haruka kanata, bokura wo matsu mada minu mirai he to...

Want some faster life? (Oh yeah yeah!!)
Giga faster speed? (Oh yeah yeah!!)
Tera faster stage? (Oh yeah yeah!!)
Now you tell me where you wanna go (Accel world!!)

Always samekitteta hayasugiru Day and night
toumeina yami ni kakomare dare mo nita wa no naka de
(It was the day I found)

Found you ano hi no kaze
yureugoita Passion
And all of my past subete KIMI ni au tame no Process datta ne
(Around you go slow)

Slowly open up my eyes within the blackness
(The battle field, Check the squeal of wheel)
kanata kara kikoeru yokan ni koudou furuwasete itai kara
(The beats overwrite my whole life)

It’s unlimited. It’s unlimited. If I can belive myself again
hikari no naka mezameteiku
shinjite kureta KIMI to nara
Never let it go, Never lose my way
koko de umarekawaru keshiki
kizu sae ima hokori ni naru dakara KIMI to Burst The Gravity

Giga speed of circuit so integrated, But now it’s “Mayday Mayday”
Against the crisis I go what a what a what a hell is my reality.
But I got no anxiety hey Incarnation
I’ll show you at the battle field

Weakness tsuyogaru koto naresugite itsuka
Forget how to cry kokoro no Piece kaketa mama de sugoshita
(Afraid to be brave)

Braveness yowasa wo shiru (yeah that was me)
KIMI ga ima kagayaku (But now I see)
So beautiful sight massugu ni miageta sora kibou wo tsunaide
(My feeling glows more and more)

More and more I wanna see the meaning of the world
(The battle field, Check the squeal of wheel)
makerarenai yo mou dare ni mo
tsuranukitai mono ga aru kara
(The beats overwrite my whole life)

Wanna be with you. Wanna be with you.
Wanna be the one makes you feel alright.
kawashita te wo hanasanaide itsuka tobitatsu hi ga kitemo
Wanna tell you just how much I love you unmei ni tachimukau kara
kizuna yori mo tsuyoku fukaku tokeatteku
Burst The Gravity

The stage is moving to Twilight. Look at the skyline it’s full of feel
The love incarnated in an unlimited power
My heart runs around. Wind is passing the silent sound
Now that I got to go. Gotta make it fast to touch the sky

hateshinai sora wo yuku mada minu mirai wo mezashite
oboeteite, mune no itami kasanaru hodo
tsuyoku omou

It’s unlimited. It’s unlimited.
If I can believe myself again (Oh yes, you can)
hikari no naka mezameteiku
shinjite kureta KIMI to nara (Hey hey)
Never let it go Never lose my way
koko de umarekawaru keshiki (Majestic light)
kizu sae ima hokori ni naru dakara KIMI to futari
tokeatteku Burst The Gravity

Want some faster life? (Oh yeah yeah!!)
Giga faster speed? (Oh yeah yeah!!)
Tera faster stage? (Oh yeah yeah!!)
Now you tell me where you wanna go (Accel world!!)
                        
                    |
