R&B/Hip Hop/Rap|

                        Song: Bust Your Windows - Jazmine Sullivan

I bust the windows out your car,
And, no, it didn't mend my broken heart.
I'll probably always have these ugly scars,
But right now, I don't care about that part.

I bust the windows out your car
After I saw you laying next to her.
I didn't wanna, but I took my turn.
I'm glad I did it cause you had to learn.

I must admit it helped a little bit
To think of how you'd feel when you saw it.
I didn't know that I had that much strength,
But I'm glad you see what happens when--

You see you can't just play with people's feelings.
Tell them you love them and dont mean it
You'll probably say that it was juvenile,
But I think that I deserve to smile.

I bust the windows out your car.
You know I did it cause I left my mark.
Wrote my initials with a crowbar
And then I drove off into the dark

I bust the windows out your car.
You should feel lucky that was all I did
After 5 whole years of this bull****.
Gave you all of me and you played with it

I must admit it helped a little bit
To think of how you'd feel when you saw it.
I didn't know that I had that much strength,
But I'm glad you see what happens when--

You see you can't just play with people's feelings.
Tell them you love them and dont mean it
You probably say that it was juvenile,
But I think that I deserve to smile.

I bust the windows out your car,
But it don't come back to my broken heart.
You could never feel how I felt that day.
Until it happens, baby, you dont know pain.

Oh, yeah, I did it. You should know it.
I aint sorry. You deserved it.
After what you did to me,
You deserved it. I ain't sorry no, no

You broke my heart, so I broke your car.
You caused me pain, so I did the same.
Even though what you did to me was much worse,
I had to do something to make you hurt.

Oh, but why am I still crying?
Why am I the one who's still crying?
Oh, oh, you really hurt me, baby.
You really, really hurt me, baby.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Now, watch me you.
Now, watch me you.
I bust the windows out your car.

|
