R&B/Hip Hop/Rap|

                        Breaking News: Detroit Rapper Eminem cancels his sold out European tour to check himself into rehab, after admitting an addiction to sleep medication. We'll have more on this story as it develops...
 Shady Records recording artist Obie Trice has apparently survived a gunshot to the head, in what appears to be a random drive by shooting, meanwhile Eminem is rumoured to be...
 On-and-off-again relationship with...
 This just in, a tour bus involving Eminem's...
 Updating a story we brought to you earlier about gunfire at an after hours club, we've learned that the rapper Proof has been fatally shot...
 Shady Aftermath recording artist...
 Long time best friend of Eminem and a member of the rap group D12...
 D12 back in the news again today...
 Is it a sabbatical or the end? The rumors and speculation continue to swirl around Eminem; he insists he's just taking a break, but now it's believed he's retiring, leaving us all to ask: Will the Real Slim Shady please stand up?

 [Verse:]

 So this is it...
 This is what I wished for
 Just isn't how I envisioned it
 Feigned to the point of imprisonment
 I just thought the ***'d be different
 But something changed
 The minute that I got a whiff of it
 I started to inhale it
 Smell it
 Started sniffin' it
 And it became my cocaine
 I just couldn't quit
 I just wanted a little bit
 Then it turned me (in)to a monster
 I became a hypocrite
 Concert after concert

 I was raking in the dough
 Rolling in green
 Had the game hemmed up
 Like a sewing machine
 But I was losing my freedom
 There was no where for me
 To not go and be seen
 And just go and be me
 And there was no in-between
 You either loved it or hate it

 Every cd, critics gave it a 3, then 3
 Years later, they'd go back and re-rate it
 And call the Slim Shady lp the greatest
 The Marshall Mathers was a classic
 The Eminem Show was fantastic
 But Encore just didn't have the caliber to match it
 I guess enough time just ain't passed, yet
 A couple more years, that ***'ll be ill-matic
 And eight years later, I'm still at it
 Divorce, re-married
 A felon
 A father
 Sleeping pill addict
 And this is real talk
 I feel like the Incredible Hulk
 My back has been broke, and I can still walk

 [Chorus:]

 So be careful what you wish for
 'Cause you just might get it
 And if you get it then you just might not know
 What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
 Come back on you ten-fold

 I said

 Be careful what you wish for
 'Cause you just might get it
 And if you get it then you just might not know
 What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
 Come back on you ten-fold

 [Verse 2:]

 I got a letter from a fan, that said
 He's been praying for me
 Every day and for some reason
 It's been weighing on my mind heavy
 'Cause I don't read every
 Letter I get, but something told me to go ahead and open it, but
 Why would someone pray for you when they don't know you?
 You didn't pray for me when I was local
 And as I lay these vocals
 I think of all the *** I had to go through
 Just to get to where I'm at
 I've already told you at least

 A thousand times in these rhymes
 I appreciate the prayer, but I already got
 God on my side
 And it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it?
 Just watchin' it from an opposite standpoint
 Man, boy's got to look
 Nuts
 And that's the only word I can think of right now
 On how
 To describe the ***
 This is like a vibe you get
 Go ahead and bob to it
 Just watch what you wish for, 'cause I got the ***

 [Chorus:]

 So be careful what you wish for
 'Cause you just might get it
 And if you get it then you just might not know
 What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
 Come back on you ten-fold

 I said

 Be careful what you wish for
 'Cause you just might get it
 And if you get it then you just might not know
 What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just
 Come back on you ten-fold
                        
                    |
