Pop|

                        I went down to the crossroads, fell down on my knees.
 Down to the crossroads, fell down on my knees.
 Asked the Lord above for mercy, "Save me if you please."
 I went down to the crossroads, tried to flag a ride.
 Down to the crossroads, tried to flag a ride.
 Nobody seemed to know me, everybody passed me by.
 Well I'm going down to Rosedale, take my rider by my side.
 Going down to Rosedale, take my rider by my side.
 You can still barrelhouse, baby, on the riverside.
 Going down to Rosedale, take my rider by my side.
 Going down to Rosedale, take my rider by my side.
 You can still barrelhouse, baby, on the riverside.
 You can run, you can run, tell my friend-boy, Willie Brown.*
 Run, you can run, tell my friend-boy, Willie Brown.*
 And I'm staying at the crossroads, believe I'm sinking down.
 * My original transcription used "friend boy", after viewing some sheet music I changed it to "friend poor". This is a common transcription of Eric's rendition, however after listening closely on the remastered "Those Were the Days" it is definitely "friend-boy" as in Johnson's take 2 version (which I'm listening to as I write this as I have at last purchased "The Complete Recordings" box set). The confusion is caused by Eric mimicing Johnson's accent on the "boy". Friend-boy is a dialectic substitute for boyfriend and Willie Brown was a very generous teacher of the blues to Robert.
 It is also interesting how Eric has substantially reworked the lyrics, a traditional blues activity shown by the variation in Johnson's own consecutive takes. The "Going down to Rosedale" verse is actually lifted from Johnson's musically related "Traveling Riverside Blues" and Eric's riff also seems to be partly derived from that song.

 Robert Johnson's Take 2 lyrics transcription:

 Cross Road Blues
 By Robert Johnson (rec 27/11/1936, San Antonio, Texas)

 I went down to the crossroad, fell down on my knees
 I went down to the crossroad, fell down on my knees
 Asked the Lord above "Have mercy, save poor Bob, if you please."

 Mmmmm, standin' at the crossroad, I tried to flag a ride
 Standin' at the crossroad, I tried to flag a ride
 Didn't nobody seem to know me, everybody pass me by

 Mmm, the sun goin' down, boy, dark gon' catch me here
 Oooo, ooee, eee boy, dark gon' catch me here
 I haven't got no lovin' sweet woman that love and feel my care

 You can run, you can run, tell my friend-boy, Willie Brown.
 You can run, tell my friend-boy, Willie Brown.
 Lord, that I'm standin' at the crossroad, babe, I believe I'm sinking down.
                        
                    |
