Pop|

                        Dear Mr. Gable,
 I am writing this to you
 And I hope that you will read it so you'll know
 My heart beats like a hammer
 And I stutter and I stammer
 Every time I see you at the picture show.
 I guess I'm just another fan of yours
 And I thought I'd write and tell you so.

 You made me love you
 I didn't wanna do it, I didn't wanna do it.
 You made me love you
 And all the time you knew it, I guess you always knew it.
 You made me happy, sometimes you made me glad.
 But there were times, sir, you made me feel so sad.
 You made me sigh 'cause
 I didn't wanna tell you, I didn't wanna tell you
 I think you're grand, that's true
 Yes I do, 'deed I do, you know I do.
 I must tell you what I'm feeling
 The very mention of your name
 Sends my heart reeling.
 You know you made me love you!
 Aw, gee, Mr. Gable, I don't wanna bother you! Guess you got a lotta girls that tell you the same thing. And if you don't wanna read this, well, you don't have to. But I just had to tell you about the time I saw you in "It Happened One Night". That was the first time I ever saw you, and I knew right then you were the nicest fella in the movies! I guess it was 'cause you acted so, well so natural like - not like a real actor at all, but just like any fella you'd meet at school or at a party. Then one time I saw you in a picture with Joan Crawford, and I had to cry a little 'cause you loved her so much and you couldn't have her - not 'till the end of the picture, anyway. And then one time I saw you in person. You were making a personal appearance at the theatre, and I was standing there when you got out of your car, and you almost knocked me down! Oh - but it wasn't your fault! Naw, I was in the way. But you looked at me, and you smiled. Yeah! You smiled right at me as if you meant it, and I cried all the way home
 Me just 'cause you smiled at me for being in your way! Aw, I'll never forget it, Mr. Gable. Honest. You're my favorite actor!
 (singing)
 I don't care what happens, let the whole world stop.
 As far as I'm concerned, you'll always be the top,
 'cause you know you made me love you.
                        
                    |
