Electronica/Dance|

                        Bài hát: Force - Alan Walker

Since childhood has been training to become a Navy soldier
Who was the grandfather taught me, captured pirates to save people
And until one day by chance, met a pirate named Shanks
Since 7 years old so I naively, wanted to become king of the sea.

And I want the ocean adventure and many sailors aboard
Despite their village but scold me from pirates stupid amuses me
I accidentally evil fruit, it makes me a rubber man
People will be cursed eat but will not prevent the DC adventure.

Shanks gave me 1 hat with the words, then quickly hurried Shanks
As long as kids are pirates, bring it back to him
Because one time he saved me, he took one arm
I will not disappoint you, until one day we will meet again.

17 years old I started out to sea .. There Zoro become teammates
There are flowers tieu..Co Usopp Nami become friends lying
Doctors have called Chopper, Sanji chef in western waters
Archaeologist Nico Robin and Captain Monkey D.Luffy.

I want to become the king of pirates, so I did not give anyone
Crocodile to beat me and I was not afraid of the arrest warrant
Increasing bonus but I also defeated Battle
Defeat the name Rod Lucci and I'm not happy about luck.

Have witnessed his brother, who fell in front of him
Portgas D.Ace brother, so that I could not calm
Must exercise over 2 years, because pain can not hide
As witness my lost loved ones to practice and live to fight.

New members named Brook, is the whale Laboon
Stack boat mechanic named Franky, make him the youngest party
And I and all the team, which will enter the New World
Where everyone expected, and we will go straight to.

And I will be the Pirate King is outside turning kings
I will become the most powerful look to where no one came
And I would find the One Piece DC, will be stronger than him Shanks Red Hair
And prove to all saw defeat Luffy is one difficult thing.

But what Luffy gluttonous disabilities should you always struggle
Whether that he would be beaten but he was glad that many of you dear
For those who need his help, he will give his best
Whether that knows he will die, but all because of you alone.

He always liked what he has, like explorers passing areas
Dreams along with wind and his friends would chariot
Usopp, Zoro, Nami, Robin, Chopper, Sanji
Brook, Franky, Luffy and starts searching for One Piece
                        
                    |
