R&B/Hip Hop/Rap|

                        Please speak of freedom
 Sing of amber, waves of grain With every line written,
 And all I have given
 Music's been nothing more than a self made prison
 I've taken inmate loses at the hands of this one
 My pen's been the poison to family and friendships
 Now is time to mend ***,
 Time to bring closure to
 The clear conscience of Pusha is long over due
 Thinking to myself, what could I be owing you?
 They only tell you great when they reminiscing over you
 Before I trouble t-roy, it's just a D-boy
 Let me play the role of a common on his B-Boy
 Speaking my truth in rhyme no matter how bland it is
 A heavy heart lighting that's just what my ransom is
 All apologies, I bear the cross I wear the blame
 We in the same group but I don't share my brothers pain
 Not to confuse, our sentiments are all the same
 I just don't feel nothing I'm numb by the will to gain
 Same thing brought tears to innocence
 I turned away and didn't even flinch, yugch!
 The music drove me crazy
 Looked up and lost the first bitch ever wanted to have my babies
 Nowadays she can't even face me
 I'm sorry for the heartbreak
 I promised you forever my lady, Jodeci baby
 Pompus muthafucka'!
 Just look what them jewels made me
 I'm only finding comfort in knowing you can't replace me
 What a thing to say! But what am I to do?
 I'm role playing a conscious nigga
 And true is true cocaine aside
 All the blogger behoove
 My critics finally have a verse of mine to jerk off to
 I own you all Please speak of freedom
 Sing of amber, waves of grain This is were the buck stop, here's where I draw the line
 I touch the hem Gods work is so divine
 I seen the error of my ways over time
 Never to return, Malicious has been refined
 Like vine with time, I get better
 Nappa Valley vintage, my flow is fermented
 Now drink of me, as if I bought the bar
 Run to these words, as if there's no tomorrow
 Never mind my car, careful what you wish for
 Behind every curtains, the devil and his pitch fork
 Jealousy, I ask thee, "What is this for?"
 How was I to know I was happy being piss poor
 No ***, that's not love, we was ***
 I was in search of a chicken head, you was cluckin'
 And I was lustin', we were both out of order
 I shoulda known better as I'm reminded of my daughter
 Am I my brothers keeper for himself every man
 I have been your reaper, there's blood on my hands
 Except me as your keeper, there's been a change of plans
 Careful of what you speak of, I've come to understand, preach What else you want from us huh?
 What more can you ask?
 We've given you everything
 We lost life
 We lost love
 We lost family behind this ***
 This *** you call music
 We call this *** life
 We gave you proof
 They ain't give you ***
 We gave you truth
 Do I entertain you mothafucka!?
 Well dance then bitch! Til the casket drop
 Til the casket drop
 Til the casket drop
 Til the casket drop
 Til the casket drop
 Til the casket drop
 Til the casket drop
 Til the lord say stop
                        
                    |
