Âu Mỹ khác|

                        And so we talked all night about the rest of our lives,
Where we're gonna be when we turn 25
I keep thinking times will never change
Keep on thinking things will always be the same


But when we leave this year we won't be coming back
No more hanging out cause were on a different track
And if you got something that you need to say
You better say it right now cuz you don't have another day


Cuz we're moving on and we cant slow down
These memories are playing like a film without sound
And I keep thinking of that night in June,
I didnt know much of love but it came too soon.
And there was me and you and well we got real blue,
Stay at home talking on the telephone, with me,
We'd get so excited and we'd get so scared,
Laughing at ourselves thinking life's not fair...

And this is how it feels...
As we go on. We remember. All the times we had together.
And as our lives change, Come whatever, We will still be
Friends Forever...

So if we get the big jobs and we make the big money,
When we look back now will our jokes still be funny?,
Will we still remember everything we learned in school,
Still be trying to break every single rule?(every rule)
Will little brainy Bobby be the stockbroker man?
Can Heather find a job that won't interfere with her tan?
I keep, keep thinking that its not goodbye,(not goodbye)
Keep on thinkin its our time to fly,
And this is how it feels...


As we go on.We remember.All the times we had together,
And as our lives change, Come whatever, We will still be
Friends Forever...

la,la,la,la... yeah, yeah...la, la, la, la
We will still be,
Friends Forever ...

Will we think about tomorrow like we think about now?
Can we survive it out there?
Can we make it somehow? (somehow)
I guess I thought that this would never end,
AND SUDDENLY IT'S LIKE WE'RE WOMEN AND MEN
Will the past be a shadow that will follow us round?
Or will these memories fade when I leave this town?,
I keep, I keep thinking that its not goodbye
Keep on thinking its our time to fly...

As we go on,We remember.All the times we had together,
And as our lives change, Come whatever, We will still be
Friends Forever...

As we go on,We remember.All the times we had together,
And as our lives change, Come whatever, We will still be
Friends Forever...

As we go on,We remember.All the times we had together,
And as our lives change, Come whatever, We will still be
Friends Forever...
                        
                    |
