Pop|

                        Bài hát: Goodies - Ciara, T.I., Jazze Pha

My goodies, my goodies, my goodies
 Not my goodies! 
[Verse 1-Jazze Pha:]
Ladies and Gentlemen
Whoa Whoa Whoa!
Say, looky looky. Aw suki suki!
Want dem goody goodies?
Dats my pookie tuki.
Gonegurl! Get ya back up offf the wall.
Do dat matrix part, but don't fall!
Aw naw we ain't neva done it.
You want a hit? Stamp SHO' NUFF on it.
(ladies and gentlemen) Pay attention
Ciara's what the game been missin
I ain't come here to play with yall and naw i dont play no ball, I just BALLLLL
Dranks for all yall. Gin Gale in it.
Put ya cups up! Zin Zale sent it

[Verse 2-Ciara:]
You may look at me and think that I'm
Just a young girl
But I'm not just a young girl
Baby this is what I'm lookin' for
Sexy,independent, down to spend it type that's gettin' dough
I'm not bein too dramatic that's the way I gotta have it.

[Chorus]
I bet you want my goodies
bet you thought about it
Got you all hot and bothered
be 'cause I talk about it
Lookin for the goodies
Keep on lookin 'cause they stay in the jar
Oh-oh Oh-oh Oh-oh Oh-oh yea

[Verse 3-Ciara:]
Just because you drive a Benz
I'm not goin' home with you
You won't get no nookie or the cookies
I'm no rookie
If you ain't sexy, independent
I ain't with it so you already know
I'm not bein too dramatic, thats the way I gotta have it, don't, be so silk ,try to hit, but i'm not dumb i'm not bein too dramatic,its just how i gotta have

[CHORUS]

[Verse 4-TI:]
You way to hot to keep ya goodies on lock
call me the locksmith, I got a key to that box
I wanna see you next to me in that drop
Us chillin in Tahiti no shoes no socks
Maybe in Jamaica poppin' bottles on the Yacht
Then dock it in Miami grand hustle don't stop
Give it to me 'cause you wanna, I ain't workin for it
You can keep ya nigga look at me, look at me you think im hurtin' for it

[Verse 5-Ciara:]
You're insinuating that I'm hot
But these goodies boy are not
Just for any of the many men thats tryna get on top
No you can't call me layta
And I don't want your numba
I'm not changin stories just respect the play I'm callin

[Chorus x2]



Read more: Ciara - Goodies Remix (ft T.i& Jazze Pha) Lyrics | MetroLyrics 
 Yeah freak and Petey love you too.
 Ha ha
 You know how I do You may look at me and think that I'm just a young girl
 But I'm not just a young girl.
 Baby this is what I'm lookin' for. I want a
 Sexy, independent, I ain't wit so you already know
 I'm not being too dramatic that's the way I gotta have it. [Chorus]
 I bet you want the goodies.
 Bet you thought about it.
 Got you all hot and bothered.
 Mayb' 'cause I talk about it.
 Looking for the goodies
 Keep on lookin' 'cause they stay in the jar Just because you drive a Benz
 I'm not going home with you.
 You won't get no nookie or the cookies
 I'm no rookie.
 And still I'm
 Sexy, independent
 I ain't wit' it so you already know.
 I'm not being too dramatic that's the way I gotta have it
 You may talk slick
 Trying hit
 But I'm not dumb
 I'm not being too dramatic it's just how I gotta have it I bet you want the goodies.
 Bet you thought about it.
 Got you all hot and bothered.
 Mayb' 'cause I talk about it.
 Looking for the goodies
 Keep on lookin' 'cause they stay in the jar So damn hot but so young.
 You ain't got milk on ya tongue
 Slow down lil' one
 You ain't got it all
 Hey shorty you don't play the game
 You think you bad but you ain't bad
 I'll show you what bad is.
 Bad is when you capable of beatin' the bag
 I been workin' at it since I came to this planet
 And I ain't quite there yet but I'm gettin' better at it.
 Matter of fact,
 Lemme tell it to you once more again
 All I got to do is tell a girl who I am
 Ain't no chick in here that I can't have You're insinuating that I'm hot
 But these goodies boy are not
 Just for any of the many men that's trying to get on top.
 No you can't call me later
 And I don't want your number.
 I'm not changin' stories
 Just respect the play I'm calling I bet you want the goodies.
 Bet you thought about it.
 Got you all hot and bothered.
 Mayb' 'cause I talk about it.
 Looking for the goodies
 Keep on lookin' 'cause they stay in the jar I bet you want the goodies.
 Bet you thought about it.
 Got you all hot and bothered.
 Mayb' 'cause I talk about it.
 Looking for the goodies
 Keep on lookin' 'cause they stay in the jar Yeah, yeah
                        
                    |
