Pop|

                        And they dont know a thing about me,
 They dont know a thing about me,
 They dont know a thing about me,
 cause they dont know a, they dont know a.
 They dont know a thing about me,
 Dont believe a word you hear about me
 They dont know a, they dont know a The ones who know you the least, are always the first to judge ya
 But they dont know a thing about me,
 Despite what they say, at the end of the day
 What do you expect? we're only human.
 Cant exactly stop them from assuming
 Its time they learn a thing about me,
 So heres the truth, this albums full of fire, fire. All that I can be, is brutally honest
 And I dont wanna sing no more,
 So Imma switch it in, five, four, three, two, one, off. I fail to say some *** and tie it on my skin
 But when theres so much to address, tell me where the *** do you begin
 I think Ill start with my community,
 When I see Cameron I should grab him by his neck and raise him up like a uni fee.
 How can these greedy bastards put our taxes in their pockets?
 *** an MP, to me that just stands for maximum profit.
 ain't my fault, Im from a jungle where them animals love to smoke meth
 Hit the can, chase the dragon and die of slow death.
 This middle fingers to the system trying to hide the fact
 That were poverty driven, I should take Boris on a road own test.
 Take him to the track, stick him in a hat
 Show him how to plant trees and cook crack, now that's a dope share.
 That's why we hate court, but we love NFA
 Im glad I smashed the paparazzis camera off the floor today
 Thats rock star ***, they all know Im living a life,
 But the money couldn't change me, thats why Im still on the hype.
 Im just a man with a Visa, used to know Tulisa,
 I dont know about fazer but I been banned from avida
 I do my laundry in public, I tell the bus where to stuff it,
 I can pull my own strings, go shove your dick up a Muppet.
 The only time you ain't no hood is when youre wearing a jumper
 Every man you see around me, been around me since we where younger
 There the only ones who will call me when I didn't had nudda
 so its only right I made there balance look like a phone number
 Im the type to sacrifice getting richer, just to help a brother
 And if I could Id kidnap every undercover
 I still smoke cheese, get in beef, try me, Im a burger
 *** a rapper sent for me, Ill get the burner. Cuz they dont know a thing about me,
 They dont know a thing about me,
 They dont know a thing about me,
 cause they dont know a, they dont know a.
 They dont know a thing about me,
 None of the words you hear about me
 They dont know a, they dont know a The ones who know you the least, are always the first to judge ya
 But they dont know a thing about me(They don't know a thing)
 Despite what they say at the end of the day,
 what you expect? Were only human
 Can't exactly stop them from assuming
 Its time they learn a thing about me,
 So heres the truth, this albums full of fire, fire. Now, thats just my intro.
                        
                    |
