Nhạc Nhật|

                        Bài hát: Leo (Haikyuu!! Ending 2) - Tacica

On this round runway,
Everyone is just running, believing they can fly,
But a future grasped from never making demands,
Only ends in nights of unease.

There’s no such thing as certainty;
Even machines wander aimlessly in this world.
One person’s part of things can become a giant map to explore,
And I feel so small in comparison...

If we’re to wish for equality,
Everyone with the same form and shape,
The future we’d sacrifice from halting our progress,
Would lead to even more painful nights.

But I’m feeling a burning emotion,
That continues until the morning,
So I close my eyes;
This emotion may burn without singular purpose,
But I’ll speak its name.

I started running,
With nothing but my headlights to guide me.
No matter what other realities could have existed,
I’m still laughing in the body I was born with.

Will someone ever run,
Relying solely on your tail lamp?
If I can swear to never lose my way,
I wonder if I’ll be able to smile again.

I’m still running this round runway,
Believing I can fly,
‘Cause the map I drew on my own, just as I pleased,
Led to the most boring of nights.

But I’m feeling a burning emotion,
That continues until the morning,
So I close my eyes;
This emotion may burn selfishly, with a will of its own,
But I’ll speak its name.

As those days felt farther and farther away,
You hid away your new path;
Your method for never losing your way again,
Was simply to form a pack.

But once that imagination comes flowing out,
Will anyone continue on its path?
Even if you try to hide it, it will always be lurking behind,
That flame you lit still far from going out.

Cut away the part of your heart beat that’s waiting for an excuse,
And all that will be left, is me standing gallantly.
Go beyond the happinesses and miseries,
That your regrets can’t keep up with,
Heading for the limits of imagination...

Someone started running,
With nothing but your tail lamp to guide them;
No matter what other realities could have existed,
There’s a map still left in your eternal heart.

You get the urge to reach the destination of those headlights,
In the body you were born with.
If you can swear to never lose your way,
I wonder if you’ll be able to smile again.

On this round runway,
Everyone is just running, believing they can fly,
Hesitating when they think they might stop, but trying to shine,
On a truly precious night.
                        
                    |
