R&B/Hip Hop/Rap|

                        Bài hát: Love The Way You Lie - Eminem, Rihanna

[Chorus - Rihanna] 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry 
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie 
I Love the way you lie 

[Verse 1 - Eminem] 
I can't tell you what it really is 
I can only tell you what it feels like 
And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe 
I can't breathe but I still fight all I can fight 
As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight 

High off on love, drunk from my hate 
It's like I'm huffin' paint and I love it 
The more I suffer, I suffocate 
Right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates 
Me, she *in' hates me in a lovin' way. 
Where you going? I'm leaving you. 
No you ain't. Come back. We're running right back 

Here we go again, it's so insane 
Cuz when it's going good, it's going great 
I'm Superman with the wind in his back 
She's lois lane when and it's bad, it's awful 
I feel so ashamed, I snap "Who's that dude?" 
I don't even know his name 
I laid hands on him, I never stood so low again 
I guess I don't know my own strength 

[Chorus - Rihanna] 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry 
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie 
I love the way you lie 
I love the way you lie 

[Verse 2 - Eminem] 
You ever love somebody so much, 
you could barely breathe when you with 'em? 
You meet, and neither one of you even know it hit 'em 
Got that warm fuzzy feeling, yeah them chills used to get 'em 
Now you gettin' *in' sick of lookin' at 'em 
You swore you'd never hit 'em, never do nothing to hurt 'em 
Now you're in each other's face spewing venom in your words when you 
spit 'em 
You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em 
Throw 'em down, pin 'em, so lost in the moments when you're with 'em 

It's the fate that took over, it controls you both 
So they say, you'd best to go your separate ways 
Guess that they don't know ya cuz today, 
That was yesterday, yesterday is over and it's a different day 
Sound like broken records playing over 
But you promised her, next time you'd show restraint 
You don't get another chance 
Life is no nintendo game, but you lied again 
Now you get to watch her leave out the window 
Guess that's why they call it "window pane" 

[Chorus - Rihanna] 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
Well that's alright because I like the way it hurts 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry 
Well that's alright because I love the way you lie 
I love the way you lie 
I love the way you lie 

[Verse 3 - Eminem] 
Now I know we said things, did things that we didn't mean 
And we fall back into the same patterns, same team 
But your temper's just as bad as mine is 
You're the same as me 
When it comes to love you're just as blinded 

Baby please come back, it wasn't you. Baby it was me. 
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems 
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano 
All I know is I love you too much, to walk away though 
Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk 
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk? 
Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball 
Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the drywall 
Next time? There won't be no next time 
I apologize, even though I know it's lies 
I'm tired of the games, I just want her back. I know I'm a liar 
If she ever tries to *in' leave again, 
Ima tie her to the bed and set this house on fire 
Just gonna
                        
                    |
