Pop|

                        Oh my God, I think I'm having a rap attack
 Somebody get a doctor, quick man, she's having an attack
 She said, "Rap attack, man, not heart attack"
 Oh, you mean she's alright then?
 Of course man, you never heard of a Mr. Magic Rap Attack?

 Where is this guy from, man?
 Oh, I heard of a heart attack or a big mac attack
 But what's a rap attack?
 Come here, man, I see I'ma have to explain it to you like this
 See, a rap attack means

 Dj's jammin' in the street, mc's rappin' to the beat
 The people downstairs sayin' they can't sleep
 'Cause the people upstairs are stompin' their feet

 It's not like they're startin' a riot
 We'll call the cops 'cause we want some quiet
 There's no need for them to get excited
 They're just mad because they're not invited

 It's all in Mr. Magic's wand

 Oh see, now I understand what a rap attack is
 Well, it's about time
 All you had to do is explain it to me but let me ask you a question
 How long have they been rockin' like this?

 Well, rapping's always been around
 Well, it says, "That it's big time now
 Every neighborhood had its own crew"
 That meant you against me and me against you

 They would jam every weekend at the neighborhood center
 And charge a small price for the crowds to enter
 The parties would be packed inside and out
 To see who was best at rockin' the house

 It's all in Mr. Magic's wand

 'Cause then magic went on the radio
 And everybody said, "What a way to go"
 The moment he went on the air
 It was plain to see a new phase was here

 He started out playing mostly rap
 Then they all said, "Nobody's into that"
 Well, they all turned out to be wrong
 'Cause rappin' on the mike had caught on strong

 Some still say, "It's not what's happenin'"
 After Rapper's Delight went triple platinum
 The record world was in for a smash
 Sugarhill, Kurtis Blow, to Grandmaster Flash

 Blondie, Stevie Wonder, Teena Marie
 They even made a rapper out of me
 In no time at all a star was born
 And I think he owes it all to his magic wand

 Now that you heard our rap and you caught a contact
 And by now you're all to be blasted
 We want you all to know that we got to go
 But it was big fun while it lasted

 Hey y'all but we'll be back again, so tell all your friends
 Good things don't always come to an end
 With somethin' innovative to rock you all well
 From Ecstacy and the rapper Jalil

 Choose choose, what's that in the world that's cast a news?
 Choose choose, I don't really feel that you watch the news
 Choose choose, what's that in the world that's cast a news?
 Choose choose [Incomprehensible]
                        
                    |
