Pop|

                        Ohh, yeah
 Hey, hey, hey, hey, ooh
 Oh, yeah
 Well, alright
 Yea, hey, hey What is this feeling coming over me, hey?
 I'm taken back in disbelief
 Is this really me, ha, in the mirror I see, staring back at me?
 Could it be a new reflection of a woman complete? All of a sudden I'm so carefree, yeah, well, alright
 Your love is doing something strange to me, well, alright
 Got a new flame, ha, haven't been the same
 Something in me's changed, rearranged and I feel that I've been saved You got me feeling
 Like you're that something I've been missing
 Everything's heaven
 'Cause life with you has been a blessing Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
 I got it bad in a serious way, oh yeah
 Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
 Your love has brought me to a higher place, oh yeah Who knew? Who knew?
 It'd be you to restore my faith
 Everyday, I'm amazed
 And it makes me wanna get down and pray, pray, pray Makes me wanna get down and pray, pray, pray
 Said it makes me wanna get down and pray, yeah I've kept some company I shouldn't have, well alright
 Made some mistakes but that's in the past, well alright
 I'm professing here to you, proof that I am through
 I'm coming clean, now I can breathe and I finally believe, yeah You got me thinking
 I'll be alright, and you're the reason
 Ooh, I can feel it
 We're moving in a new direction Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
 I got it bad in a serious way, oh, yeah
 Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
 Your love has brought me to a higher place, oh, yeah Who knew? Who knew?
 It'd be you to restore my faith
 Everyday, I'm amazed
 And it makes me wanna get down and pray, pray, pray Makes me wanna get down and pray, pray, pray
 Said it makes me wanna get down and pray, pray, pray
 Makes me wanna get down and pray, pray, pray
 Makes me wanna get down and pray, yeah Where would I be, where would I be
 Without you by my side?
 Where would I be? Where would I be?
 Without you standing by? Makes me wanna pray
 Makes me need to pray
 When I'm feeling low and all alone
 You're the light in my day, yeah Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
 I got it bad in a serious way, oh, yeah
 Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
 Your love has brought me to a higher place, oh, yeah Who knew? Who knew?
 It'd be you to restore my faith
 Everyday, I'm amazed
 'Cause it makes me wanna get down and pray, pray, pray Come on
 'Cause it makes me wanna get down and pray, pray, pray
 Makes me wanna get down and pray, pray, pray
 Woo, thank You Father
 (Pray, pray) I wanna lift my hands up and pray
 (Pray, pray)
 'Cause every time I'm hearing Your name
 I wanna reach out and rejoice
 (Pray, pray)
 Heavenly sound of your voice, yeah (Pray, pray)
 Ha, hey, hey, woo
 (Pray, pray)
 Alright, that's it
 Makes me wanna
                        
                    |
