Pop|

                        You know we back, right?
 Clear the streets out
 Come on with it, ha-ha, Star Trak Niggas is haters, I'm doin' deals like the majors
 Ice Cream sneakers, I signed my first skater
 So you can pay three and buy yourself some Bapestas
 Bulletproof under t-shirts because they hate us
 Do like Snoop say step your game up
 Double-decker boat nigga, Meditterane up
 D-Class action cuts, tuck your chain up
 Liberace fingers, niggas hit Lorraine up
 Just last week, I was out in Aspen
 Me and Puff hoppin' off the plane, both us laughin'
 A week before that, I was out in Italy
 Italian heart throbs could not get rid of me
 Up in Donatella's crib, me and like ten hoes
 Call from the cell phone, give me that Enzo
 I know what your thinkin' yeah me too
 Okay everybody meet Mr. Me Too Been two years, like I was paddy wagon cruisin'
 The streets was yours, you're dunce cappin' and kazooin'
 I was just assumin' you'd keep the coke movin'
 But I got one question, *** y'all been doin'?
 Pyrex stirs turned into Cavalli furs
 The full length cat, when I wave, the kitty purs
 All my niggas caked up, sellin' gray and beige dust
 Had that money right or end up in the trunk taped up
 We don't chase and duck, we only raise the bucks
 Peel money rolls 'til our thumbs get the paper cuts
 Chill retardo, South Beach Gallardo
 Teals started up, go brr like it's Nardo
 Women, if you love me, please let me know
 Tie rags around your neck and learn the sets we throw
 These are the days of our lives and I'm sorry to the fans
 But the crackers weren't playin' fair at Jive I know, I know, yeap yeah, you too
 Okay we get it, yeap yeah you too
 I know, I know, yeap yeah, you too
 Okay, everybody meet Mr. Me Too
 I know, I know, yeap yeah, you too
 Okay we get it, yeap yeah you too
 I know, I know, yeap yeah, you too
 Okay, everybody meet Mr. Me Too I know what you thinkin' why I call you Me Too?
 Cause everythin' I say, I got you sayin' me too
 I say I got a Benz, so you said me too
 You hangin' out the window so they can see you
 But you ain't hangin' out the window
 When you in that G2 or that G3 or G4 like we do
 Star Trak, Clipse, Malice, come on Wanna know the time? Better clock us
 Niggas bite the style from the shoes to the watches
 We cloud hoppers, tailored suits like we mobsters
 Break down keys into dimes and sell them like Gobstoppers
 Who gon' stop us
 Not a *** one of you
 Mean with the Re-Up, nigga we street tumblers
 Ivory white, yeah that's the same color
 Of the Azure nigga, best believe it's the Mulliner
 Take no prisoners, rap niggas are whisperers
 Choke on your own spit just as soon as you mention us
 Champagne corks, kicks by Louis sports and
 Keep my hoes in Pucc' and Charles Jourdan
 Cop it, chrome it, touch-screen component
 Mink on the floor, make you hot, don't it?
 You don't wanna know what the *** I spent on it
 Tomorrow ain't promised so we live for the moment I know, I know, yeap yeah, you too
 Okay we get it, yeap yeah you too
 I know, I know, yeap yeah, you too
 Okay, everybody meet Mr. Me Too
 I know, I know, yeap yeah, you too
 Okay we get it, yeap yeah you too
 I know, I know, yeap yeah, you too
 Okay, everybody meet Mr. Me Too
                        
                    |
