Âu Mỹ khác|

                        Bài hát: Nandemonaiya (English Version) - RADWIMPS

The sorrowful gust of wind that blew right between you and me. Where did it find the loneliness it carried on the breeze?
Looking up at the sky after shedding a stream of tears, I could see for miles of blue... it's never been so clear

Speeches that my father gave me would always make me despair. Somehow I feel a warmth and comfort today
Your ever-kind heart, the way you smile, and even how you find your dreams. I mean nothing so honestly, I’ve always copied you

Now, just a little more. Only just a little more. Let’s stay here a little longer now.
Now, just a little more. Only just a little more.
Let’s stick together just a little bit longer.

Oh yes we are time fliers, scaling the walls of time, climbers
Tired of playing hide and seek with time, and always coming just short!

Crying even when you’re happy, smiling even when you’re feeling lonely
It's because a part of you has made it here before the rest has

I used to wish upon the stars; the toys that I once adored forgotten now are rollin' around the corners of the floor
Finally my dreams are countin' up to a hundred today. Someday I'll trade them all for just a very one

A girl that I have seen in school, but I never have told, "Hello"
After class today, I waved... and said, "See you tomorrow!"

It's not really that bad trying something new every once in a while
Especially if I can do it with you by my side

Now, just a little more. Only just a little more. Let’s stay here a little longer now.
Now, just a little more. Only just a little more.
Let’s stick together just a little bit longer.

Oh yes we are time fliers, so and I... I knew who you were way before
Way before I even knew my own name. There's no clue, but I'm sure! I swear!

Even if you're not around in this wide world, of course it surely would have some kind of meaning...
But when you're not around in this crazy world, it's like the month of August without summer break

And if you're not around in this great world, it would be like Santa Claus without any glee
If you're not around in this wide world...

Yes we are time fliers, scaling the walls of time, climbers
Tired of playing hide and seek with time, and always coming just short!

No, never mind that! No, never mind what I said now!
'Cause I'm on my way to you!

Oh, we are time fliers, dashing up the steps of time now
No more playing hide and seek with you and time, and always coming just short!

You're quite a showy crier; I wanna stop your tears, see your eyes dry up
But when I went to wipe your tears dry, you refused... but I saw them pourin' down your face and knew why

Cryin' even when I'm happy, smilin' even when I'm feeling lonely
It's because this heart of mine has made it here before my body
                        
                    |
