Nhạc Nhật|

                        Bài hát : Newsong - Tacica


Aa ibitsu na merodii de dekita 
Aisareru beki ikimono da 
Seika wa agerarenakute mo 
Kokoro ga utatte iru kara

Ah, made of distorted melodies, 
We are creatures worthy of love. 
Even if we can't produce any results, 
Our hearts will be singing.

Aa dore dake tsuyoi ame koete 
Aisareru beki ikimono ka? 
Yakusoku ga mamorenakute mo 
Kokoro wa utatte iru kedo

Ah, having endured many powerful storms, 
Are we creatures worthy of love? 
Even if we can't keep our promise, 
Our hearts are still singing.

Dono doa nokku shite aketara ii? 
Aketara doko e mukattara ii? 
Hitori ja kaerenai kara 
Dareka o matte ita dake

Which door should we knock on and open? 
After we open a door where should we go? 
We won't be able to return all by myself, 
So we've merely been waiting for someone else.

Kimi ga ima ichiban aitai hito wa dare? 
Kokoro no naka de dake hanaseru hito no kazu wa fuete iku 
Dakara 
Tsuyoku naritakatta tada

Who is the person you want to see the most right now? 
The number of people whom you can only talk to in your heart is increasing. 
Therefore, 
You just wanted to become stronger.

Aa nyuuse ga taningoto no you na 
Sono kokoro ga shinpaigoto da 
Zenryoku o waraeta hito mo 
Zenryoku de naite ita no ni

Ah, i worry about your heart 
Because you don't care about other people's news or problems. 
Even the people who were trying to laugh with all their might 
Were actually crying their heart out.

Yoru ga kowai nara naitara ii 
Asa o mukaete waraetara ii 
Dore dake kyou ni tsukarete mo 
Mada minu kyou wa utsukushii'n da

It's okay to cry if the night is scary. 
You just need to welcome morning with a smile. 
No matter how much you are worn out today, 
The remainder of today that you have yet to see will be beautiful.

Taiyou o utagatte ite 
Tsuki yori sukoshi kagette 
Uso tsukarete kega mo shita kedo

Casting doubt over the sun, 
Becoming more clouded than the moon, 
We have all been lied to and gotten hurt in the past.

Taiyou o utagatte ite 
Tsuki yori sukoshi kagette 
Uso o tsuite kega mo saseta darou?

Casting doubt over the sun, 
Becoming more clouded than the moon, 
We have also told lies and made others get hurt, haven't we?

Boku ga ima ichiban aitai hito wa dare? 
Kokoro no naka de dake hanaseru hito yo 
Kazu ga fuete iku no nara 
Boku wa ikirenai?

Who is the person i want to see the most right now? 
If the number of people whom i can only talk to in my heart 
Keeps on increasing, 
Will i no longer be able to live on?

Bokura mada yomitarinai monogatari 
Muriyari owarenai koto wakatte'te 
Dare mo mina jibun no mama 
Tsuyoku naritakatta kara

We haven't read enough of our tale yet. 
We know that we can't force the story to end prematurely 
Because all of us, while staying true to ourselves, 
Wanted to become stronger.

Tsuyoku naritakatta tada

|
