R&B/Hip Hop/Rap|

                        Yeah, definitely, definitely, definitely dawg
 Definitely, definitely k-mart
 Yeah, yeah You find me offensive? I find you offensive
 For finding me offensive
 Hence if I should draw a line on any fences
 If so to what extensive
 Any, should I go? 'Cause it's getting expensive
 Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive
 They say that I cause extensive
 Psychological nerve damage to the brain when I go to lengths this Far at other people's expenses
 I say your all just too *** sensitive
 It's censorship and it's down right blasphemous
 Listen to *** now 'cause I won't stand for this
 And Chirs-stiff-pher Reeves won't sit for this neither
 And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either
 He used to be like a hero to me
 I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator Right next to Darth Vader
 And Darth must have put a hex on him for later
 I feel like it's my fault cause of the way that
 I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luther
 I killed Superman, I killed Superman
 And how ironic? That I'd be the bad guy
 Kryptonite, the green chronic 'Cause I ain't got no legs
 Or no brain, nice to meet you
 Hi, my name is
 I forgot my name
 My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame
 My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is
 Rain man Now in the Bible it says
 Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed
 Have homosexual sex
 Unless of course you were given the consent to join in
 Then of course, it's intercourse and it's bi-sexual sex
 Which isn't as bad, as long as you show some remorse for your actions
 Either before, during or after preforming the act of that which
 Is normally referred to have such, more commonly known phrases That are more used by today's kids
 In a more derogatory way but
 Who's to say, what's fair to say and what not to say?
 Let's ask Dr. Dre, Dr. Dre?
 (What up?)
 I gotta question if I may?
 (Yeah)
 Is it gay to play putt-putt golf with a friend
 (Yeah)
 And watch his butt-butt when he tees off?
 (Yeah)
 But, ut! I ain't done yet In football the quarterback yells out hutt-hutt
 While he reaches in another grown man's ass
 Grabs on his nuts but just what if
 It was never meant it was just an accident
 But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in
 His teeny tiny little round hiney but he didn't mean it
 But his little weenie flinched just a little bit
 And I don't mean to go in into any more details but
 What if he pictured it as a females butt?
 Is that gay? I just need to clear things up
 Till then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because 'Cause I ain't got no legs
 Or no brain, nice to meet you
 Hi, my name is
 I forgot my name
 My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame
 My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is
 Rain man You find me offensive, I find you offensive
 ***, this is the same verse I just did this
 When am I gonna come to my good senses?
 Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses
 My spider senses telling me Spiderman is nearby
 And my plan is to get him next and open up a whip ass canister
 *** it Dre where is the *** beat?
 Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it
 This is the only thing that I'm good at
 I am the bad guy, kryptonite, the green chronic
 Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it I got it, high five Nick Lachey
 Stuck a pen in Jessica's head and walked away
 And she blew around the room like a balloon a
 Grabbed the last can of chicken tuna
 Out the trash can and screw my
 Head is straight back to the Neverland ranch
 With a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwich
 And I don't gotta make no *** sense
 I just did a whole song and I didn't say *** 'Cause I ain't got no legs
 Or no brain, nice to meet you
 Hi, my name is
 I forgot my name
 My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame
 My soul is possessed by this devil my new name is
 Rain man 'Cause I
 Yo, rain man
 Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre, super dope beat maker
 Two thousand and two thousand four hundred and eighty seven million
 Nine hundred and seventy three thousand four hundred and sixty three
 And seventy
                        
                    |
