Pop|

                        Bài hát: Run The World(Album Version) - Jennifer Lopez 

Uh, we got it locked and they know,
Uh, whenever we around it goes down like Draino,
Uh, And it's nothing to spend these pesos,
and you will never see us what it was
Uh, Keep call on low low.
We're on the road twenty thousand in the town
We are ain't nothing greater
Hangin out the window straight bustin at u love haters

Bonny Clyde,
No other girl will ever ride like I ride
That's why you need me on your passenger side,
Let me help you get that paper.
Hanging out the window busting at them love haters.
Me and you,
I'm the closest you'll ever be to truth.
There's never a question of what I'll do
Uh huh for you.
With me you'll never loose, so

Call on your girl that can hold you right
I'll be your protector
I'll never forget you.
You need somebody that can hold you tight.
I'll be in your arm love
Keep you out of harm boy.
I'll be your anything, everything
Rockin roll with you.
If things get to hot out in the cold with you.
Froze Froze with you.
Me and you together
Our love could run the world (uh,oh) (uh,oh)
Run the world (Uh,oh) (Uh,Oh)
Our love could run the world (uh,oh) (uh,oh)
Run the world (uh,oh) (uh,oh)
Our loved could run the world.
I'll be your anything everything
Rockin roll with you
If things get to hot I'm in the cold with you,
Froze, Froze with you
Me and you together
Our love could run the world.

(Rose! Yeah)
The range rover sitting lower than the more
Let me know who make it rain more
Me or the lord.
I gotta schedule like I'm unemployed
Shaking dice at the table baby go ahead and blow it.
You can't ignore it your whole body getting explored.
Top to bottom I'm reproducing your deepest thoughts.
Lay off the leash the second week I lease the Porsche
Let down the top and hit the beach a future divorce.

Hit me on my cell better be talking them dollars
The boss ball park resemble the dodgers,
I never dodge a thing except for the Chargers.
Embarrassed by the rubber bands
My ex would of charged it.
Got it popping so everybody be watching them.
Exotic watches you know my lady be popping them
Rose! Time to lock her down
                        
                    |
