R&B/Hip Hop/Rap|

                        Bài hát : Second Chance - Eminem, Lil Wayne, Ludacris

Yeah...It's my life
My Own Words I Guess

 Have you ever loved someone so much
you'd give an arm for?
 Not the expressdion,no literally give an arm for?
 When thy know they're your heart and you know you were their armour
 Ane you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her 
 But what happens when karma turns right around and bites you?
 And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you?
 What happens when you become the main source of her pain?
 ''Daddy look what I made''
 Dad's gottago catch a plane
 ''Daddy where's Mommy?
 I can't find Mommy where is she?''
 I don't know go play Hailie baby, your Daddy's busy
 Daddy's writing a song this ain't gonna write itself
 I'll give you one unduerdog then you gotta swing by yourself
 Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
 And put hands on her mother who's a spitting image of her
 That's Slim Shady
yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy
 Shady made me but tonight shady's rocka-by-baby

 You look like you're in another world 
 but Ican read your mind
 how can you be so far away lying by my side.......x3

 Things ain't always what they seem or cracked up to be
 Like all these fakin' ass rappers in this industry
 Talkin'bout what they got and they ain't got adamn thang 
 How you own three cars but you don't own ya own name?
 Get ya business right boys ther first class is in session 
 Get a entertaiment lawyer in the music professsion
 Start up ya own company trade mark the name 
 That's gon' run ya bout a grand so start savin' ya change
 Open a bank account quick and then folow these steps
 Sign yourself to yourself and start singnin' ya own checks
 Hit the booth and start reconrding at the speed of need
 Whatever gets ya juices flowin' could be speed or weed
 Get it mixed and mastered pressed up and plastered
 Sell it toya whole hood out the trunkya *** !
 Show all the non-believers what you destined to be
 And in just a couple years you could be rich like me


 You look like you're in another world 
 but Ican read your mind
 how can you be so far away lying by my side.......x3


 Money tobe made best bilieve a nigga clockin
 I run it myself like a quarterback opion
 I pitch a 10 g's tell a bitch to go shopping
 She buy herself some clothes and she bought me back a chopper
 see niggas tryna kick it but no I don't play sucka
 I'm all about me cake I'm tryna marry Betty Crocker 
 A package on the way you know my whip game proper
 And enough foer one key I see seventy thousand dollars
 Now I was shootin dice smokin on a joint 
 I bet with Yo Gotti he hit five straight points
 We ova here hustlin
 We ova here grindin
 You rap about money and nigga might sign ya
 You rap about me and d nigga might find ya
 Banana in ya ass with ya head right behind ya
 Dope game bitch let his mamma worry about him
 you can holla at me for a fee

 You look like you're in another world 
 but Ican read your mind
 how can you be so far away lying by my side.......x3

 The end. :)
                        
                    |
