Âu Mỹ khác|

                        Bài hát: Sparkle (English Version) - RADWIMPS

Caught in a never-ending game,
seems like the world’s still trying to tame me
If that’s the way, I will obey...
beautifully struggle every day

Shouldn’t we have a little kiss? While seeing both of our hourglasses.
Let’s make a plan and meet somewhere that is the most far from goodbye

Finally the time has come —
everything up to yesterday was a prologue
Just skimmin’ through the days of old,
it’s my turn to bear the load

My experience and my skill... and all the courage I had left started to mildew
At an unprecedented speed, I will dive right into you

And when I go and stomp into a lukewarm can of soda
I dreamed of a world so far from here that’s not on the map
Searching outside of the classroom window...
or in a summer morning that’s brought open by a commuting train

Words like “tomorrow” or “future” or “fate”...
no matter how far they extend their hands
We breathe, we dream, we raise our love...
in a timeless land that is far out of reach
Even the second, hour hands of the clock;
they look at us sideways as they tick and tock.
How I hope to have forever to spend this life— no, all future lives!
Right here in this world, with you.

Let’s put ’em away, then bow our heads—
“How do you do”s and all the “Nice to meet you”s
And breathe over a thousand years, cycled in a single day.

Oh, how I hated life in this world.
It’s made up entirely of fiction, every word stacked
I saw through my kaleidoscope on a monotonous August morn’

When you appeared in front of me, you acted shy,
but I didn’t miss your grinning face—
It’s like it fits the textbook of this world:
of “How to Make Your Smilin’ Face”

I’ve been looking for incredibles, the meaning of unbelievable,
Even hope for tragedies if it goes with a thrill.
But when you were standing in front of my door
With every piece in your hand that I could ask for...

Words like “tomorrow” or “future” or “fate”...
no matter how far they extend their hands
Let’s breathe, and dream— we’ll play together in this place!
What do you say?

Even the way that you love...
I swear I could smell the scent of yours
And in the way that you walked...
I could hear that bright laughter of yours

Since one day you will disappear, I’ll keep every part of you
Make sure that it’s burned into the back of my eyes
It’s not a right that I’m due... my duty that is, must have been, kept!

Words like “tomorrow” or “future” or “fate”...
no matter how far they extend their hands
We breathe, we dream, we raise our love...
in a timeless land that is far out of reach
Even the second, hour hands of the clock;
they look at us sideways as they tick and tock.
How I hope to have forever to spend this life— no, all future lives!

Right here in this world, with you.
                        
                    |
