Pop|

                        Bài hát: Sugar - Karmin

Saw you out by the pool on the 8th of July
Didn't think much about it at the time
Didn't know that I'd have to cross this line
Didn't know, didn't know
I remember the guy who lost his pants
Took the hit and you laughed and then we danced
Now I'm around you and I don't trust my hands
Help me out, help me out

[Pre-Chorus:]
Now that we're cool, we can just chill
We can be friends
The problem with that it's I've gotten in over my head

[Chorus:]
I can't think about anybody but you, sugar
I can't think about anybody but you (but you)
I can't think about anybody but you, sugar
I can't think about anybody but you (but you)

Take your time, work it out with a bottle of wine
Give a word, give a wink, or give a sign
Let me know it before I lose my mind
Let me know, let me know (let me know)
How far do you think that this could go?
Would you sign your name with an X or an O? (Sign your name)
We could rush it or we could go slow (we could rush)
Go slow

[Pre-Chorus]

[Chorus]

You know what?
I used to be the type like "watch and learn"
But you can teach me how the tables turn
Got a oh pro, feelin' like a amateur
Makin' it up as I do it entrepreneur
If I say the right things, would you come to me?
If I play the right strings, can I slay the piece?
You're the one that I want, I gotta do somethin'
Got me feelin' right like ooh, yummy
The hustle, bustle, sitting on the cusp of crisis (ooh, sugar)
You mind this, touches for the diamonds (you're so sweet)
Can we survive with a faith like the Mayans? (sweet to me)
How can I live when the way I feel about you is intentional
Dimensional, flirtation is inevitable (ooh, sugar)
Chemical, edible, side effect's regrettable (you're so sweet)
My best judgment fights with the liquor (sweet to me)
Is that a sparkle in your eyes or a flicker?

Now that we're cool, we can just chill
We can be friends
The problem with that is I've gotten in over my head
(Head, head, head...)

I can't think about anybody but you, sugar (ooh, sugar, you're so sweet)
I can't think about anybody but you (sweet to me)
I can't think about anybody but you (ooh, sugar, you're so sweet, sweet to me)
I can't think about anybody but you, baby

Ooh, sugar
You're so sweet (you're so...)
Sweet to me (sweet to me, yeah)
Ooh, sugar (ooh, sugar)
You're so sweet (you're so sweet)
Sweet to me
I can't think about... (ooh, sugar)
(You're so sweet) Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo, hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo
I can't think about anybody but you, sugar (ooh, sugar, you're so sweet)
I can't think about anybody but you (sweet to me)
I can't think about anybody but you, sugar (ooh, sugar, you're so sweet)
I can't think about anybody else but you, anybody else but you (sweet to me)
                        
                    |
