Âu Mỹ khác|

                        Bài hát: Thrift Shop - Madilyn Bailey

I’m gonna pop some tags 
Only got 20 dollars in my pocket 
I, I, I’m hunting, lookin’ for a come-up 
This is * awesome. 

Walk into the club like what up, I got a big cock 
I’m so pumped, I bought some * from a thrift shop 
Ice in the fridge is so damn frosty, 
The people like “damn, that’s a cold ass honkey” 
Rollin’ in hella deep, headed to the mezzanine 
Dressed in all pink, except my gator shoes, those are green. 
Draped in a leopard mink girls standin’ next to me 
Probably should have washed this, it smells like R. Kelly’s sheets 
Pissssssssssssss. 
But *, it was 99 cents. 
If I get caught in it, washin’ it, 
‘Bout to go and get some compliments passin’ off in those moccasins 
Someone else has been walkin’ in, but me and grungie fuckin’ ‘em 
I am stuck in a closet and savin’ my money 
And I’m hella happy, that’s a bargain, bitch. 
Imma take it grandpa style, imma take it grandpa style, 
No, for real I asked your grandpa, can I have his hand-me-downs? 
The lords jump suit and some house slippers, 
Doukie brown leather jacket that I found diggin’. 
They had a broken keyboard, I bought a broken keyboard 
I bought a ski blanket, then I bought an kneeboard. 
Hello, hello, my ace man, my mello 
John Wayne ain’t got nothing on my friends game, 
Hello! 
I can take some pro wings make ‘em cool, sell those 
The sneaker heads will be like 
“Ah he got the Velcro” 

I’m gonna pop some tags 
Only got 20 dollars in my pocket 
I, I, I’m hunting, lookin’ for a come-up 
This is * awesome. (x2) 

What you know ‘bout rockin’ the wolf on your noggin 
What you knowin’ about wearing a fur fox skin 
I’m digging, I’m digging, I’m searching right through that luggage 
One man’s trash, thats another man’s come-up. 
Thanking grand dad, for donating that plaid button-up shirt 
‘cause right now I’m up in here stuntin' I’m at the Goodwill, you can find me in the attic, 
I’m not, I’m not, I’m not searching in that section. 
Your grandma, your aunts, your momma, you mammy, 
I’ll take those flannel zebra ‘jammies secondhand, I’ll rock that motherfucker. 
They built an onesie with the socks on the motherfucker, 
I hit the party and they stopped in that motherfucker. 
They be like oh! That Gucci, that’s hella tight. 
I’m like Yo! That’s 50 dollars for a t-shirt. 
Limited edition, let’s do some simple editions, 
50 dollars for a t-shirt, that’s just some ignorant bitch. 
I call that getting swindled and perished 
I call that getting strict by a business. 
That shirt’s hella dope and that bliss, 
I am one and six other people in this club is a hella dome. 
Eat game, come take a look through my telescope 
Trying to get girls with my brand, man, you hella won’t. 
Man, you hella won’t. 


I’m gonna pop some tags 
Only got 20 dollars in my pocket 
I, I, I’m hunting, looking for a come-up 
This is * awesome. 

I'll wear your grand dad’s clothes, 
I’ll look incredible, 
I’m in this big ass coat, from that thrift shop down the road. 
I'll wear your grand dad’s clothes, 
I’ll look incredible, 
I’m in this big ass coat, from that thrift shop down the road. 

I’m gonna pop some tags 
Only got 20 dollars in my pocket 
I, I, I’m hunting, looking for a come-up 
This is * awesome.
                        
                    |
