Pop|

                        Lord have mercy, father help us all
 Since you supplied your phone number, I can't help but call
 Time for action, conversating, we relaxing, kicking back
 Got you curious for Thug Passion, now picture that
 Tongue-kissing, hand full of hair, look in my eyes
 Time to make the bed rock, baby look how it rise
 Me and you moving in the nude, do it in the living room
 Sweating up the sheets, it's the Thug in me
 I mean no disrespecting when I tongue-kiss your neck
 I go a long way to get you wet, what you expect?
 Late night, hit the highway, drop the top
 I pull over, getting busy in the parking lot
 And don't you love it how I lick your hips and glide?
 Kiss you soft on your stomach, push my love inside
 Got you lost in a love zone, stuck in the lust
 I got the bedroom shaking, back-breaking, when we're tossing it up Listen baby, I like the way it's going down
 When nobody's around, slip-slide ride
 Giving me that nice smile
 Female I like, what I want to give all night
 You and me alone, everybody's gone, toss it up
 Baby let's get it on! I like the way you please me, yeah
 The sexy way you tease me, yeah (that's right)
 The way you move your body
 It really drives me crazy!
 Your body hypnotizing (hypnotizing)
 Your smell is so exciting (so exciting)
 So baby come on home with me
 I like the way you give it to me! I like the way you give it to me 
 Let me see you toss it up! I like the way you give it to me 
 Let me see you toss it up! I like the way you give it to me 
 Let me see you toss it up! So I like the way you give it to me 
 Let me see you toss it up! Play on, play on, play on, play on (oh baby)
 Play on, play on, play on, play on (lemmi see you play on)
 Play on, play on, play on, play on
 Play on, play on, play on, play on (K-Ci) Oh, it's K-Ci baby (yes)
 Hmm, that want you lady (yes)
 Oh, don't act so shady
 Baby, your taste as fine as gravy (that's right)
 The way you move that thang
 You make me wanna sang
 Girl you make my bells rang
 Make them go ting-a-ling! Now the man, I'm here again
 Don't want it to ever end
 It's feeling too good!
 Gimme some more, oh lady, lady
 Your body the kind I like-ah
 Big booty titillating delight-ah
 Bag it up yo, let me in there
 Toss it up for me! I like the way you give it to me 
 Let me see you toss it up! I like the way you give it to me 
 Let me see you toss it up! I like the way you give it to me 
 Let me see you toss it up! I like the way you give it to me 
 Let me see you toss it up!
 So won't play on oh yeah! How do you want it? What's your phone number? I get around
 Cali Love to my true Thugs, picture me now
 Still down for that Death Row sound, searching for paydays
 No longer Dre Day, arrivederci
 Blown and forgotten, rotten for plotting Child's Play
 Check your sexuality as fruity as this Alize
 Quick to jump ship, punk trick, what a dumb move
 Cross Death Row, now who you gonna run to?
 Looking for suckers cause you similar
 Pretending to be hard, oh my God, check your temperature
 Screaming "Compton", but you can't return, you ain't heard?
 Brothers pissed 'cause you switched and escaped to the burbs!
 Mob on to this new era, 'cause we untouchable
 Still can't believe that you got Pac rushing you
 Up in you, bless the real, all the rest get killed
 Who can you trust? Only time reveals
 Toss it up! Let me see you toss it up! (Toss it up)
 Won't you toss it up 
 Let me see you toss it up!
 Let me see you toss it up! Toss it baby baby Toss it up now ye ye
 Toss it up now ye ye
 Toss it up now
                        
                    |
