Nhạc Nhật|

                        Bài hát: Tsugai Kogarashi - Team Kamiuta

Kawaita kogarashi soyosoyo to
Kawaita konoha wa hirahira to
Aimamieru hi o machinagara
Toki o kazoe aruku

 the dry wintry wind breezes through,
And the dry tree leaves flutter along.
As they await the day of their union,
They walk along, counting the time they have.

Tsuzuru kotonoha ni irodorare
Akaku iromeki setsuna ni odoru
Kureha ichimai tenohira ni
Suberi kataru wa

 colored by composed lines,
I dance instantly as i become crimson and excited.
A piece of red leaf slips past my palm,
And tells a story...

Yaketa kokyou ni wakare o tsugete
Konoha no te ni hikare hashirisaru
Mada minu mirai e no fuan nado
Kanjiru itoma nado ari mo sezu

 having bid goodbye to their scorched hometown,
They run along, led by the leaf's hand.
Things such as uneasiness about the invisible future,
Or even the leisure to feel uneasy, they have none.

Kawaita konoha wa hirahira to
Kawaita kogarashi soyosoyo to
Tsunaida te to te o hanasazu ni
Toki o kazoe kakeru

 the dry tree leaves flutter along,
As the dry wintry wind breezes through.
Not letting go of their held hands,
They fly along, counting the time they have.

Amaneku hito no inochi seoi
Sono chiisaki te de nani o tsumugu
Hon no kasuka na hokorobi ni
Shinuru kono se de

 carrying on your back lives of people of this world,
What kind of yarn are you spinning with those small hands?
Even with just one tiny little seam,
This world could end just because of that.

Shinzuru michi o tada hitasura ni
Ayumu omae no sasae to naran
Kurenai no tsurugi o tazusaete
Kono mi konoha to fukarete yukou 

 pursuing only the road you believe in,
As you continue walking, i want to be able to support you.
Carrying a red sword,
Let me follow you together with the leaves, in the wind.

Soyogu kaze to narite
Amata no iyashi to nari
Iki to shi ikeru
Kono se no mono e no oikaze to naran 

 to become the rustling wind,
To become the solace for many,
We want to become the tailwind for the people
Who are doing their best to live in this world.

Kurenai ougon ni irodorare
Yureru kigitachi yokogirinagara
Kareha tomo ni michizure ni
Kakenukeru konoha to tsugai-kogarashi

 decorated in crimson and gold,
Cutting through the swaying trees,
Accompanied by the dry leaves,
The pair of wintry winds race away with the leaves.

Kosure sazameku konoha to tomo ni 
Kakeru ichijin no kaze to tomo ni 
Todomaru koto naku hitahashiru
Kawaita uta to tsugai-kogarashi

 together with the loudly rustling leaves,
Soaring together with a gust of wind,
Straight ahead without stopping,
The pair of wintry winds race away with a barren song.

|
