Nhạc Nhật|

                        Faster... To “your place”...
As I utter my wish, my voice creates continuous echoes
Bearing the pain, I’m now looking for a reason to advance
I’m accelerating
(☆ we are tossed by the waves of pain and tears
I’m tossed into the fray
tossed by various fortune
wake up your brain!
flashed in the sky
It’s a burst of sensation)

“Giving up” gave comfort to this stagnant world
When did it all start?
I even forgot my own voice
I was on my knees, but you showed me the beautiful view
And my monochrome morning suddenly started to shine

-I wish for you to never change-
-Yet we live in an ever-changing world-
Our real voices...
A dream that can’t be put into words...
Let them resound in the sky that connects you and me!

Stronger... With these hands
If I can wipe off all my tears
“This time I will...” I whispered
Right now, even my scars will not go to waste
Someday, I’ll go to the place that you pointed to
Even if my thin feathers will be burned up
Deep inside my brain, I’ll open my mouth and say
To “the truth,” I’m accelerating

(☆ Repeat)

What are you looking at? Your eyes are staring into space
Your imposing shoulders seemed to have shivered slightly

It’s tiny and almost vanishing
But the thing that I want to protect is certainly there
In a virtually constructed street, with a turbulent daily life
There’s only one thing that I can trust!

These hearts have started moving
Let me feel them more deeply
With my own eyes... Next, I’ll touch them
I want to get hold of that sensation
What should I wish for, what should I forgive
How many things should I carry with me as I go on?
Drawing in the possibility of waking up
I’m accelerating

Those eyes cried for me
Now I want to make them smile
Closer... Deeper...
Gaining momentum, I’m evolving

Stronger... With these hands
If I can wipe off all my tears
“This time I will...” I whispered
Right now, even my scars will not go to waste
Faster... To where you are
Even if my feathers will be torn off
Run to the end of this distorted world
Beyond my senses
Together with “the truth,” I’m accelerating

(☆ Repeat twice)
                        
                    |
