R&B/Hip Hop/Rap|

                        Somebody said that saw you walking this up alone
 Switching up your hair, got your freak em dress on,
 Afraid that you were fresh, like you about to perform
 And I'ma .. mess I had you on my own
 Wake up he was gone, I can't even blame you
 Now you in the arms of a stranger,
 And now I'm all alone with the same girl,
 You used to feel safe now I'm danger to you
 When you had to leave without a warning
 Such a worry wind, I want my girlfriend
 Party on ten, I can't even pretend
 Now used to love me and now you wanna .. [Chorus]
 And I hope you're happy
 Hope you got what you wanted
 Since I'm no longer wanted,
 I guess, I walk away.
 (Guess you got to walk away, yeah)
 I really hope he makes you happy
 I hope he gives you everything that you wanted,
 All the things that you wanting
 'bout the presence I'm holding I guess I walk away.
 Guess I got to walk away yeah Girl you got me all this stressing I'm on so many could pressing
 I'm switching above feeling
 Hey y'all expression is new, thought you knows all up in her IQ
 And I'll do right ..
 Girl when a good thing, living without you
 Thought I'll pay for my wrongs 'cause I ain't have enough,
 Told me I'm living, I had to call you bluff,
 Now I'm calling your phone, but you ain't picking up,
 I should have gave you love, I should have gave you trust
 And now you moved on, and you're forgetting us,
 I'm singing this sad song, but you don't give a *** [Chorus]
 I hope you're happy
 I hope you got what you wanted
 And since I'm no longer wanted,
 I guess, I walk away.
 (Guess I got to walk away, yeah)
 I really hope he makes you happy
 I hope he gives you everything that you wanted,
 All the things that you wanting
 'Bout the presence I'm holding I guess I walk away.
 Guess I got to walk away yeah. There's nothing that hurts more than heart break
 No one wants to take that phone.
 You're thinking about her all day
 Nothing else matter at all
 And the only thing worse than her living
 Is no one it's your fault.
 And now I'm going through her .. [Chorus]
 I hope you're happy
 I hope you got what you wanted
 All the things that you wanted
 And since I'm no longer wanted,
 I guess, I walk away.
 (Guess I got to walk away, yeah)
 I really hope he makes you happy
 I hope he gives you everything that you're wanted,
 All the things that you're wanting
 'Bout the presence I'm holding
 And I guess I walk away.
 Guess I got to walk away yeah
                        
                    |
