Pop|

                        Bài hát: We Are All In This Toghether - P336 Band

All right here we go!
Together, together, together everyone!
Together, together, come on, let 's have some fun!
All! Together, we're there for each other, every time!
All! Together, together come on let's do this right!
Here and now, it time for celebration!

Finly figured out (yeah-ee-yeah)
That all our dreams have no limitations.
That's what it all about
Come on now 
Every one(yeah) is special in their own way 
We make each other strong ( we make each other strong)

We're not the same; We're different in a good way
Together where we belong
We're all in thistogether.
Once we know that we are, we're all stars and we see that
We're all in this together, and it shows when we stand, hand in hand, make our dreams come true
Every body now! Together, together, together every one! 

To gether, together, come on let's have some fun!
All! Together. All! We're there for. All! Each other every time!
All! Together. All! Together. All! Come on let's do this right!
We're all here (Yeah) and speaking out with one voice
We're gonna rock the house ( hey-ee-yay) the party's on (Woh) now every body make some noise
Come on, scream and shout.
When we've arrived, because we stuck together

Champions one and all!
We''re all in this together
Once we know that we are, we're all stars and we see that
We're all in this together, and it show when stand hand in hand, make our dreams come..
We're all in this to gether
When we reach , we can fly, know inside, we can make it
We're all in this together.

Once we see there's a chance that we have and we take it
Wildcats sing along
They really got it go in'on
Wildcats in the house
Every body say it now
Wildcats everywhere 
Wave your hand up in the air

That the way we do it, let's get to it, try to show the world
Ay ! Oh! Ay! Oh! All right here wer go
We're all in this together
Once we know that we are, we're all stars and we see that
We're all in this together and it show when we stand handin hand make our dreams come

We're all in this together, when we reach, we can fly ,know inside, we can make it
We're all in this together
Once we see there's a chance that we have and we take it
Wildcats every where wasve your hand up in the air
That the way we do it, let's get it! 
Come on every one! Woh!
                        
                    |
