Pop|

                        What a girl wants, what a girl needs. (2x)
Yeah, c'mon.
Oooh. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah.

Verse 1:
I wanna thank you for giving me time to breathe, like a rock, you waited so patiently. 
While I got it together, oh. 
What I figured out, yeah, yeah. I only looked, but I never touched. 
'Cos in my heart was a picture of us holding hands, making plans, and it's lucky for me you understand;

Chorus: 
What a girl wants, what a girl needs.
 Whatever makes me happy, sets you free. 
And I'm thanking you for knowing exactly what a girl wants, what a girl needs. 
Whatever keeps me in your arms. 
And I'm thanking you for giving it to me.

(What I want, is what'cha got.)
oooh yeah.
(And what'cha got, is what I want.)

Verse 2:
There was a time I was blind, I was so confused. 
Run away, just to hide it all from you. 
But, baby you knew me better, than I knew myself.
(la, oooh.)
Say if you love something, let it go. If it comes back, it's yours. 
That's how you know. It's for keeps, yeah it's for sure.
 And you're ready and willing to give me more of ..

Chorus:
What a girl wants, what a girl needs. 
Whatever makes me happy, sets you free. 
And I'm thanking you for knowing exactly what a girl wants, what a girl needs. 
Whatever keeps me in your arms. 
And I'm thanking you for giving it to me, yeah.

(What a girl wants, what a girl needs!)
Somebody sensitive, crazy, sexy, cool like you.
(What a girl wants, what a girl needs ohohohoh yeah!)
What'cha got is what I want.
(what a girl wants, what a girl needs!)
It's so right, it's so wrong.
Ya let a girl know how much ya care about her, I swear.
 You're the one who always knew.
(oh ya knew, ya knew, ya knew, ya knew.)

Oooh oh. I'm thanking you for being there for me.

What a girl wants, what a girl needs. 
Whatever keeps me in your arms.

Whatever keeps me in your arms is what I need!

Chorus:
What a girl wants, what a girl needs. 
Whatever makes me happy sets you free. 
And I'm thanking you for knowing exactly what a girl wants, what a girl needs.
Whatever keeps me in your arms. 
And I'm thanking you for giving it to me. (2x)

What I want, is what'chu got. And what'chu got,
(giggles)
is what I want.

Oh baby, oh darling. 
Thank you, thank you for giving me what I want, and what I need.
ohohohoh yeah!

(fades)
I do a wrong thing, whenever you're not there.
                        
                    |
