R&B/Hip Hop/Rap|

                        Hit me
 Two times Redhead Kingpin, Tim Dog, have you seen 'em?
 Kwame, King Tee or King Sun
 Super Lover Cee, Casanova Rud
 Antoinette, Rob Base never showin' up You see Black Sheep, Group Home, Busy Bee?
 Ask L'll and Al Skratch, 'Where My Homies?'
 Leave it to y'all, these niggaz left for dead
 Last week my man swore he saw Special Ed Rap is like a ghost town, real mystic
 Like these folks never existed
 They the reason that rap became addictive
 Play they CD or wax and get lifted I recommend when your kid turn ten
 Let him hear Spice 1, made plenty noise
 Positive K, Father MC, the Skinny Boys
 Where are they now? Hey, where are, where are they now, hey
 Where are they now?
 Hey hit me, where are they now?
 Hit me See I remember them forever, the original Spinderella
 Lakim Shabazz, 9 MM
 Fu-Schnickens, Buckshot, Finesse, and Sequence
 Who was a Rappin' Duke, da-ha, silk tie and leather was cute Body and soul was Dee from Pump It Up's group
 Oaktown 357, J.J. Fad too
 Had pop hits and gold ropes
 Where my man Young MC and Tone Loc? Kris Kross, the BO$$, Divine Styler
 Def Jef of course let's break it down ta
 Mic Geronimo, Pharcyde and Coolio
 I heard Craig Mack back in the studio Have you seen these lost MC's?
 Funky Four Plus One, Force M.D.'s
 Miss Melody, I hope she packin' a bankroll
 As well as educated rap for ice and Kangol Shante, she from around my way yo
 EPMD, K-Solo, where are they now? Hey, where are, where are they now, hey
 Where are they now?
 Hey hit me, where are they now?
 QB, hit me First off this ain't no *** record
 This for some of my homies that were misrepresented
 Legends of the game, y'know?
 What up to Moe Dee the legend? Rest in peace Cowboy, yeah All the rappers, male, female, DJ's, e'rybody
 Rest in peace Jam-Master Jay, the whole crew, word up
 Juice Crew All-Stars, MC Shan, Tragedy, Craig G
 Yeah, nigga, yeah, nigga Shan whaddup baby?
 Where are they now?
                        
                    |
