R&B/Hip Hop/Rap|

                        [ti:W.T.P.]
[ar:Eminem]
[al:Recovery]
[00:-4.52]Eminem - W.T.P.
[00:-1.00]
Yeah... Oh.... get up, I said get up... let's go

Better watch out now cause here we come
And we ain't stoppin' until we see the morning sun
So give us room to do our thing, cause we ain't come to hurt no one
So everybody come and get upon the floor now and grab someone

Man first of all, I'm a boss, I just wanna get that across
Man even my dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a ? like it's a Porche
Garbage bag for one of the windows, spray painted doors
With the flames on 'em, Michigan plates and my names on 'em
Baby Shady's here, come and get him if you dames want him
But he ain't stupid so quit tryna run them games on him
He isn't new to cupid, why you tryna put your claims on him
Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb it back, try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
We have of just getting home, now can I get that lap dance?
She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass man
In the streets of Warren, Michigan we call 'em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps
Down and show this hussie who's man, now get amped, dance!

Now you can do this on your own, but everyone knows
That no one likes to be alone, so get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nothing but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash, and if anyone asks
It ain't no one, but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
Cause we're having a white trash party!

Pull up at the bacardi from outta my underwear
And walk around the party without a care, like a body without a head
Looking like a zombie from outta the Living Dead
And tomorrow probably still be too high to get out of bed
Til I feel like I been hit with the sharp part of the hammer
Mixing hennessey and fanta with pepto and ??
I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin' "die santa"
Missed the tree and hit Rudolf and two innocent bystanders
So quite tryna play the wall like you Paul
And get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
They call the Stefan Marlbury of rap, darling
Cause soon as they throw on some R. Kelly I start ballin'!
Making it rain for the ladies in the mini's
But I'm not throwing ones, five's, ten's or even twenty's
I'm throwing quarters, nickels, dimes, pennys
Up at skinny's, man I do this for them bunnys up at Denny's
From the north east and west
But when it comes to them trailers in them south parks, muffle it
Cause homie, that hood's tighter than Kenny's
So ladies if your belly button's not an innie, them I'm outtie
Now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy cmon!

Now you can do this on your own, but everyone knows
That no one likes to be alone, so get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nothing but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash, and if anyone asks
It ain't no one, but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
Cause we're having a white trash party!

Now whether you're black, white or purple if you're misunderstood
But you don't give a ***, you ain't doing *** that you should
Long as you know you're up to evil and you're no damn good
Get on the floor mayne, and rep your hood

Now honey, don't let them pricks trick
We should make a quick dip
And go do some doughnuts in the hospital parking lot
Cause girl I got a sick whip, kick the back window outta my gremlin
Put two milk crates in the trunk, rip out the stick shift
And make a five seater, I'll be damned if I feed a
Chick, it ain't like me to split a peice of dry pita
I'll beat an S until the I M to the S-H-ady
Why I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
I'll rip a tree out the ground and flip it upside down
'for I turn over a new leaf clown, I'll tell you now
I'm so raw I still need to unthaw, you feel me ya'll
I shut the club down, like Drake in the mall!
But baby a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw
Coleslaw containers, empty straw rappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car, now get up!

Now you can do this on your own, but everyone knows
That no one likes to be alone, so get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nothing but a white trash party!
So let's have us a little bash, and if anyone asks
It ain't no one, but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
Cause we're having a white trash party!

Eminem - W.T.P.

END... ...

|
