Pop|

                        [ti:you don't know my name]
[ar:alicia keys]
[al:The Diary of Alicia Keys]
[offset:500]
Baby, baby, baby. From the day I saw you. I really, really wanted to catch your eye.
There’s something special bout you. I must really like you.
Cause not a lot of guys are worth my time, no.
Ooh baby, baby, baby. It's getting’ kinda crazy. Cause you are takin’ over my mind.

And it feels like? Ooh! You don’t know my name.
I swear. It feels like.
Ooh! You don't know my name. Round and round and round we go.
Will you ever know?

Oh! Baby, baby, baby. I see us on our first date.
You’re doin’ everything that makes me smile.
And when we had our first kiss. It happened on a Thursday. Ooh it set my soul on fire.
Ooh baby, baby, baby! I can't wait for the first time. My imagination’s runnin’ wild.

It feels like. Ooh! You don’t know my name.
And I swear it baby. It feels like Ooh! You don’t know my name...
Round and round and round we go. Will you ever know?

(See, he don’t even know what he’s doin’ to me. I be feelin’ all crazy inside.
I’m feelin’ like...)

Owww!!!

I‘m doing nothing’ I’ve ever done for anyone’s attention.
Take notice of what’s in front of you cause did I mention you about to miss a good thing?
And you’ll never know how good it feels to have all of my affection.
And you’ll never get a chance to experience my loving. Cause my loving feel’s like...

Ooh! You don't know my name.
Round and round and round we go. Will you ever know?
And I swear It feels like. Ooh! You don't know my name.
Round and round and round we go. Will you ever know?

Will you ever know it? No, no, no, no, no. No, no.
Will you ever know it? (Imma have to just go head and call this boy...).

Hello...?
Can I speak to, to Michael?
Oh, hey how you doing?
Uh, I feel kinda silly doin’ this but uh, this is the waitress from the coffee house on 39th
and Lenox, you know the one with the braids?...yeah
Well I see you on Wednesdays all the time, you come in every Wednesday
on your lunch break I think, and you always order the special, with the hot chocolate.
My manager be tripping and stuff, talking about we gotta use water,
but I always use some milk and cream for you cause, I think you kinda sweet.
Anyway, you always got on some fly blue suit and your cufflinks are shining all bright.
So what you do? Oh word? Yeah that’s interesting.
Look man I mean, I don't wanna waste your time I know girls don't usually do this,
but I was wondering if maybe we could get together outside the restaurant one day?
You know cause I do look a lot different outside my work clothes.
I mean we could just go across the street to the park right hear.
Wait, hold up my... my cell phone, breaking up, hold up, can you hear me now?
Yeah, so what day did you say? Oh yeah, Thursday’s perfect.

And it feels like Ooh! You don’t know my name
Round and round and round we go Will you ever know?
Baby, baby I swear. It’s like Ooh! You don't know my name. No, no, no.
Round and round and round we go Will you ever know?

And it feels like Ooh! You don’t know my name
Round and round and round we go Will you ever know?
And I swear on my mother and father It feels like
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh.....You don’t know my name
Round and round and round we go Will you ever know?
                        
                    |
